he's an American Teacher of the Year New
York Times bestselling author and a
rather frequent guest on many network
television shows such as Oprah who
caught him her first phenomenal man his
known as America's educator this man is
Ron Clark
hello and welcome to student reports I'm
Tyler Hardin Ron Clark the founder of
the Ron Clark Academy in Atlanta has
become one of America's most well known
educators starting his career in North
Carolina
he took a leap of faith and moved to
Rome New York to work with inner-city
kids he wanted to spread his knowledge
and innovative ways and his unique
approach with teaching has earned him
spots on Oprah than from Oprah to the
Today Show and CNN he is a frequent
guest on many network television shows
through these shows he spread the
message of his book the essential 55 or
better known as the 55 rules he created
for his classes a fan of taking risk he
decided to open an academy in Atlanta
for inner-city kids his academy with
classrooms decorated with different
themes and even a big slide from the
second to first story his academy sure
does bring a smile to children as they
learned North Carolina I was like what
do parents teach in these days because
the kids were rude they bullied each
other and they ran it down the hall and
the food and the cafeteria floor and so
I started coming up with rules for kids
the first year had five rules next year
eight and 12 and 20 to 28 and eventually
became 55 and these rules are rules
about how to be a good person
I have character how to uplift others
and pull people down trying to encourage
innovative ways of teaching the Gilbert
education Alliance invited Iran to don't
speak at the 2010 education summit for
Guilford County Schools while expressing
great ways of teaching Rahn discussed
ways to increase test scores these 55
rules teaching character how to be a
good person showing kids what it means
to be considerate of others but a lot of
kids have never been taught and all I
found is once that happens we never find
our school the environment is relaxed
it's a warm environment then these kids
focus on getting education then the test
scores are through the roof so character
education is a great way to create an
environment where you can have great
test scores hope inspiration and then
never go up attitude was that wrong
wanted every teacher stood in our parent
attending to go home with mograine
Guilford County Superintendent welcomed
many of Rods and new ideas
I want the school
strict to just sort of embrace
opportunities for us to do innovative
things try things and so it really
there's no limit to what we can do
Guilford education alas was very pleased
with our on brought to Guilford County's
educators to better each student's
educational experience this is the fifth
education summit that we have hosted and
the purpose is to bring people together
to learn about the issues in public
education and to be inspired informed
and inspired last year we had one of the
assistant secretaries of education in
the US Department of Education we had
Leonard Kipps the year before who is a
syndicated columnist and this year we're
just so fortunate to have had Ron Clark
from the Ron Clark Academy in Atlanta
Margaret Arbuckle the executive director
of government education Alliance is
excited about the many upcoming
activities such as on stage and we want
to be a source of quality accurate
information then we convene people
around issues and like today and we and
we have some other programs that we do
then we advocate for resources to
support our schools and for public
policy that supports our schools then we
put resources into classrooms 30
teachers supply warehouse and donors
cheese and then we showcase our teachers
and our students through on stage a
knighted stage is an annual production
of the spring with ideas in hand and
ways to create excitement among students
through Ron Clark's creative activities
government County educators were
enthused with the Guilford education
alliance 2010 education summit until it
hardened with this student report